OSDOCS-5562: update info about default LVMS behavior (#57417)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-lvms-system-requirements.adoc

[id="lvms-volume-group-name_{context}"]
== Volume Group Name

> LVMS selects the default volume group dynamically. If there are no volume groups on the {product-title} host, LVMS is disabled. If there is only one volume group on the {product-title} host, LVMS will use it. If there are multiple volume groups, LVMS will look for one named `microshift` and use it if it is found or be disabled if it is not found. Otherwise, LVMS must be configured to select a volume group explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default integration of LVMS selects the default volume group dynamically. If there are no volume groups on the {product-title} host, LVMS is disabled. If there is only one volume group on the {product-title} host, that volume group is used. If there are multiple volume groups,  the group `microshift` is used. If the `microshift` group is not found, LVMS is disabled. If you want to use a specific volume group, LVMS must be configured to select that volume group.
```

> The default integration of LVMS selects the default volume group dynamically. If there are no volume groups on the {product-title} host, LVMS is disabled. If there is only one volume group on the {product-title} host, that volume group is used. If there are multiple volume groups,  the group `microshift` is used. If the `microshift` group is not found, LVMS is disabled. If you want to use a specific volume group, LVMS must be configured to select that volume group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default integration of LVMS selects the default volume group dynamically. If there are no volume groups on the {product-title} host, LVMS is disabled. If there is only one volume group on the {product-title} host, that volume group is used. 

If there are multiple volume groups,  the group `microshift` is used. If the `microshift` group is not found, LVMS is disabled. If you want to use a specific volume group, LVMS must be configured to select that volume group.
```

Reviewer 2: All of the if statements were a bit confusing when I read them. I think breaking it up into chunks might help. I also wondered if, `If there is only one volume group on the {product-title} host, that volume group is used.` If not, I _think_ the first two parts are easier to put back together because they explain how LVMS is disabled.

Author: Those changes are clearer. +1
